hello I thought I 'll do it again
a block from germany because the
mainly most blogs i have
all made in korea and actually
I can do that here, too
I'm working forever but
stopped briefly because that somehow
otherwise too wobbly I believe here
is some noisy bird in the
background I hope that it is not too
do
yes the weather is kinda total today
changeable but already correct
springlike because I believe today is
it's up to 14 degrees or so and that's why
I did not feel that way without me
a bit, but it is not
my really warm winter jacket and kicked
Also nice bright colors I already have
beeping stick of l'oreal on l'oréal
Paris does not really know what that means
I am the 1
but he's so cool because he's the same
paint has a scarf and then I have
even the same color chucks
dressed
yes small mini place for the court on
the cardigan of mango I do
First time today , I'm wearing the hat
goal expected
yes i'm on my way to work
and we have to at the moment or I have to
move our offices and that's all
nice exhausting because there are so many
books from one to the next
but it has to be transported
good workout and today I will
move to second office
that will be clear somehow yes I have
now if you have not seen it yet
I 've got at demolition action
this is such a channel with three girls
as well as or the girls in English
videos with long since I have one synonymous
post uploaded so if you feel like it
Look there and there I speak
about my 2013 favorites at once
little bit more, keep on coming slowly
I mean to play
but there you look left to wiggle me
Incidentally, do that with my mobile phone
First time since I have no idea how good
or bad the quality will be
By the way, yesterday you have germany's next
I looked topmodel already I found that
really cool as heidi doner eaten
I'm really hungry
the sun was a bit too
Hellner with with as often as possible so
I'm at work right now
her such little mini blogs more often volt
I like to do that you can me
I wish to say a wish
nice weekend and see you soon